If you want to create a successful website, it must appeal to the user. The design of the website is very important. The site should not be annoying, it should have the information that the user is looking for. And to present this information should be simple and clear. The visitor will not search for prices for your products or the address of your company between flashing banners on the background cutting the eyes.(стр) The user will simply close the site. Money, spent on the development and promotion of the site will be wasted. And you join the ranks of skeptics who consider the Internet expensive and frivolous fun, instead of using it to increase the profits of their business.
If you are interested in how to create an effective website with good design, these tips will be useful to you.
1. Website design is a means, not an end. The visitor to the site came for information. He should not search for it between the elements of your design. Site design should not distract from the content. It serves to highlight the main information, bringing the information in a clear, easy to understand form.
2. Create a site based on clear, simple navigation systems. The user should clearly understand what page he will get to when he clicks on a link on the site. He should know where he is and how to leave that page. The user should not and will not have to understand overly
original site navigation. Unless absolutely necessary, you should not use in the design of the site drop-down menus, collapsed lists, etc.
3. Proper formatting of text is very important. According to studies, visitors find it difficult to read small print, even though it looks prettier on the page. Use numbered lists, break the text into small paragraphs. Do not try to give visitors all the information at once. Come up with interesting and capacious headings that they contain keywords. This is important for the promotion of the site.
4. Links should stand out and preferably be text. If the text is a link, it should be intuitive. The link must necessarily be a different colour and preferably underlined. Text links are much better indexed by search engines than graphical links. The right combination of graphic and text links in the design of the site will provide the best understanding of the site.
5. Visitors ignore banners and anything that looks like them. You should not use flashing blocks in your website design. Most users are tired of overloaded flash-advertising sites, they try to "ignore" blocks with animation, the size of similar to banners. Unusual effects and non-standard fonts are also successfully ignored. Beautiful and original static blocks in the design style of your site will attract more attention and will not irritate your potential customers.
6. Photos and graphics should be of high quality. The time of very slow and expensive Internet is ending. Therefore, in the design of the site should It is necessary to use high-quality and moderately large images, without traces of compression, without divorces, "spots" and markings from competing sites.
7. Think about search engine optimisation already at the stage of website design. Texts on your website should be competently composed. They should not have semantic and grammatical errors. Texts should be original - search engines know how to calculate the original source and punish for stealing lower rankings. Texts should be drafted with the keywords, Overdo it too should not - you can get the opposite effect.
Conclusions. Put yourself in the place of a visitor to the site. Objectively and critically evaluate the design of your site. Ask friends and acquaintances to help you. If you are not satisfied with the design, do not put off coping errors in a long box. The sooner your site will be clear and competently designed, the faster it will start working with maximum efficiency. Web design is the face of the site, but no one needs the site design itself. Take care of a unique and high-quality content for your web resource, engage in its search engine optimisation, and the result will not keep you waiting.